[Music]
will give to anyone and the total in value
even in neighboring thailand
[Music]
the onabera jaber biggs colo in the war
new class of leandro in the traffic my friend
and he was the rapporteur I called pro at doha and
also after fast walking ended
[Music]
I arrived one day in the footprint that accumulates
I also had it in my hand
the water caused your not set up
also honored to buy hungry
he was not my guitar and make a
bar did not taste much longer yet
[Music]
No one's still up in the morning.
Speaking, this is in your goal coming out.
how women should avoid the world as it is
who deserves entering with shame
and you are calling max gravity
[Music]
one lady told me that Michel should
Try to send the enjoy to your hair
blond the girl threading the heat increase
plays we come to anyone I'm working
claims to have to endure a war of
in a way that was verified in the
May
[Music]
[Applause]